README.md, before:

## Local work environment Demo

A rundown on how to configure and build a local, common development environment for any 
repo based on the same container and then expanded with the repo's own requirements.

### Step1.
*In terminal:*

`docker pull python:3.10.15-slim` 

or similar base image - **UPDATE Dockerfile accordingly** 

`docker build -t "py-dev:dash_app_v1" .`

add/replace version numbers as needed after py-dev like: `py-dev:your_project_v*x*`

### Step 2.
Now make sure your `devcontainer.json` contains the same image name as above, with exact 
version. 

### Step 3.
Select the `devcontainer.json` file, right-click and select the option: 
> Dev Containers > Create Dev Container and Mount Sources.

![img.png](img.png)


This needs your git repo and the branch used to build and creates a new image with your IDE-backend connected.
When this is up and running you can connect and it opens in a new IDE-window running in 
your container. This might need a venv to be initiated from your requirements, 
but your image is built with exactly those and should contain just what you need to initalize a new venv.

### Step 4. 
Start your new container in your Services and Connect
![Services](img_1.png)

### Step 5.
A new window with PyCharm and your environment should open and this is now running in Docker.
Develop, test and commit as needed. The environment should be connected to your upstream.

Commit message:

Post lesson corrections and amendments. Added Step 6. in README.md

README.md, after:

## Local work environment Demo

A rundown on how to configure and build a local, common development environment for any 
repo based on the same container and then expanded with the repo's own requirements.

### Step1.
*In terminal:*

`docker pull python:3.10.15-slim` 

or similar base image - **UPDATE Dockerfile accordingly** 

`docker build -t "py-dev:pandas_v2" .`

add/replace version numbers as needed after py-dev like: `py-dev:your_project_v*x*`

### Step 2.
Now make sure your `devcontainer.json` contains the same image name as above, with exact 
version. 

### Step 3.
Select the `devcontainer.json` file, right-click and select the option: 
> Dev Containers > Create Dev Container and Mount Sources.

![img.png](img.png)


When this is up and running you can connect and it opens in a new IDE-window running in 
your container. This might need a venv to be initiated from your requirements, 
but your image is built with exactly those and should contain just what you need to initalize a new venv.
The image you are running in are connected to your "normal" filesystem by mount and any changes made are duplicated 
both ways. 

### Step 4. 
Start your new container in your Services and Connect
![Services](img_1.png)

### Step 5.
A new window with PyCharm and your environment should open and this is now running in Docker.
Develop, test and run code as needed. Work your normal git flow from your "normal" filesystem/IDE/computer and 
skip the hassle of setting up a connection to your upstream from the container.

### Step 6.
From Services > Docker > Dev Containers you can then load a previous image as a container. 
Pycharm saves an image of your projects container loaded with your mounted code and your IDE, 
so you don't have to upload again. Remember that each project should have it's own environment but 
it's perfectly fine to copy the setup files from one to another.
